Hey
pardon me sir I think you have the wrong
car
what are we doing here what the hell is
going on I was sent to get you for a
reason there's a flower on the pillows a
flower in the bathroom like we're
important the only chance we have is if
all three of us go crazy on this guy who
is that maybe she can help us don't
worry he's not allowed to touch him he
knows what you're here for
he listens to me
my name is Hedwig how old are you 9 I've
never seen a case like this before
23 identities live in Kevin's body who
are you help me get out of your head
Wiggin you trying to trick me I'll tell
on you hunt you the clever one an
individual with multiple personalities
can change their body chemistry with
their thoughts
someone's coming for you who's coming
the Beast there's a man here he abducted
us and he's going to kill me we're meant
for something something horrible
the world will understand now
the Beast is real he's done awful things
to people and he'll do awful things to
you